1.0 INTRO

Lighttpd is a lightweight web server we have ported wolfSSL to.  The goal of
this manual is to help the user get started with Lighttpd using the wolfSSL
library for SSL and TLS operations.

1.1 Current Status Notes

Currently only ECDHE and DHE are supported.  We will be adding support for ECDH
in the next release.

Client authentication is unsupported in this release.


2.0 INSTALLATION

2.1 Dependencies

The lighttpd-1.4.35 with wolfSSL requires the wolfSSL library version 3.6.1 or
later.  Future releases of wolfSSL can be obtained from http://www.wolfssl.com.

To build and install wolfSSL for use with Lighttpd run the following commands
from the root wolfSSL directory:
    ./configure --enable-lighty
    make
    sudo make install

More details and information about wolfSSL can be found in the wolfSSL Manual,
available in both PDF and HTML formats from the wolfSSL Documentation page.

2.2 Building Lighttpd

When building Lighttpd on Linux, or OS X, use the autoconf system.  To build
Lighttpd, run the following two commands from Lighttpd’s top level directory:
    ./configure
    make

To install lighttpd, run the following command:
    sudo make install

By default, the Lighttpd library is installed in the /usr/local/lib directory.

3.0 EXAMPLE SERVER

Once you’ve installed Lighttpd and wolfSSL as explained in section 2, we’ve
provided a directory containing an example server setup: wolfStartUp in the
lighttpd root directory.  The directory contains the following:

    lighttpd.conf: a simple conf file that lighttpd will run.  It uses
    localhost, and the port 443.  It should only work with https.

    server.pem: the server’s certificate (the client will need to authenticate
    the server).

    index.html: the index page which will be returned on an https GET. It says:
    "Congratulations!!!  You got Lighttpd with wolfSSL to run."  When you see
    this, you know you’re doing something right.

3.1  To run the lighttpd server: in the lighttpd/wolfStartUp directory enter
the following:

    sudo /usr/local/sbin/lighttpd -D -f lighttpd.conf

Successful output:  2015-07-17 14:01:52: (log.c.164) server started

3.2 Testing with the wolfSSL client program:

To run without verifying the server’s cert (in the wolfssl/examples/client
directory):
    ./client -p 443 -g -d

This will send a GET request, and on success the contents of the index.html
should be displayed on the terminal (along with a lot of other stuff):
    Congradulations!!!  You got Lighttpd with wolfSSL to run.

To run and verify the server’s cert (in wolfssl/examples/client directory):
    ./client -p 443 -g -A /path/to/lighttpd/wolfStartUp/server.pem

On success, the same congratulatory output should be displayed.

Browser: in the browser type:
    https://127.0.0.1

Accept the complaints about unrecognized certs to see the page without server.
Page should show same congratulatory text as above.
